hello my name is Lance Nelson from
Bansky blog comm and today is Sunday the
25th of January what's that buzzing you
hear are you're saying and I'm hearing
in my left ear well we've got a toy that
every boy and girl wants it's a drone
look at this wonderful mirrors just
panning around to show us the drone
hello hello drone what a wonderful thing
it is this is great new tech and it's
great for us to show you the snow
conditions
up you go you noisy thing there we go
magic a look at that whoa so what's the
ski Commission's being like well we had
about 20 well 10 centimeters between 5
and 20 centimeters here where we're
standing look at this there we go
it's a little bit wet lower down the
temperatures are only just freezing here
at Bandar ishka poliana but the morning
powder was lovely over a hard base now
what's going to happen the forecast
we're gonna have to snow almost every
day for the next week
Tuesday's looking like a really big dump
of snow and I'm super excited although I
think virtually all the runs are open
right now and everyone's having a good
time it does get a bit lumpy later on at
the moment but as those temperatures
come down then you'll have really great
skiing all day long now then what should
I mention on these things as usual I
just really want to give a little plug
for booking your lift passes ski higher
lessons and transfers on banská blog
comm and let's go app and for everyone
who books I'm just showing one of these
cloths being very useful today in the
snow they're absolutely free only for
Bansko blog bookings they're grateful
wiping your goggles ok so look at the
action should we just pan around to
kneel and see him our pilot for today
Neil is the manager at dream hotel and
mirror our camera lady here assists
there as well and I'm just going to show
everything here today mirror
hi there hi Derek I'm from bundle ish
kapalama you see the base conditions and
also our drone will help you to see the
newer better later on don't forget to
book your birthday at Hotel dream bunker
and here we are the drone is coming in
hello drone what great fun today's snow
reports has been here we go we're
getting even closer ah yes
look at there well piloted ok
kneel say goodbye bye Mira okay and it's
bye
goodbye from me Lance Nelson from been
secure blog calm and bansko app if you
liked this video please give it a thumbs
up thanks for watching bye for now
you